                                        MODULE-1

                                      
Q-1> what is software? what is software engineearing?
   
   A. software:
    -software is non touchable.
    -defination:- it means collection of instruction,information and data.  
    - where instruction is backend part and information is frontend part.
   B. software eng. :
    - software enginnearing is a process of developing application to solve real world problem.
    - in software engineearing we develope, test, and deploy computer application for betterment of the        human being.

Q-2> explain types of software? 

   - there are five types of software,
            1. system 
            2. apllication
            3. programing 
            4. driver
            5. middleware
   1. system software:
                       a) operating system: it is an interface between machine and human. this interface                or software perform all task for user
                        ex- windows, apple ios etc.
                       
   2. aplication software: it perform specific task by end user.
                                 web app-website run by user 
                                    ex: mozzilla,google chrome its web broser.
                                 desktop app-used to some task on pc/laptop.  
                                    ex:- microsoft excel,word  etc.
                                 mobile app-run on mobile platform.
                                    ex:instagram,whatsapp
   3.programing software: it means communicate between human & machin by user.
          ex:compiler,interpreter()
              -two types of programing
                          1-  high level programing
                          2-  low level programing
                  1] high level: near to human far to machin.
                       types of high level -
                       1-POP-procedure oriented programing
                         ex:c,fortran
                       2-OOP-object oriented programing
                         ex:c++,java,.net,c#
                       3-logical programing
                          prolog
                       4.functional programing
                          ex:python,lisp,hisp
                       5.scripting programing
                          ex:java script,nod js,php
                  2]low level : near to machin far to human.
                        types of low level-
                        1-assembly language-which means machin & human communicate. convertion of high                           level language in to machin level language is held by assembler.
                        2-machin language-its mean binary language.
                              ex: 0 to 1
  4.driver software: perfom to owner work in software.
                             ex:bluetooth driver,audio driver,video driver,network driver
  5.middleware software:it means gap of application nd opereting system.
                   system managment }middle
                   system record  
                   ex:database	

Que-3 what is SDLC? explain each phase of SDLC?
      -it means software devlopment life cycle . 
      - six phase of sdlc       
      1]planning
      2]annalysis
      3]design
      4]implimentation
      5]testing
      6]maintenance 
    1.planning: planning required operations and security teams.some use case asking to user for input.
    2.annalysis: the process of requiered to market value,quality satisfiy the client.                       3.design: some companies deside to creat a prototyp while time prototyp is expensive changes                       after devolepment phase.
    4.implementation: this plan creat a strategy,process and action and will include all projects scop 
                      to budget and beyond.
    5.testing: it means checking quelity,functionality.raleased befor market value check by process.                
Que-4 what is DFD? creat a DFD diagram on flipkart. 
      -it means data flow chart.
Que-5.What is flow chart ? creat a flow chart to make       addition of two numbers.
-flow chart is a graphical representation of any problem in computer system.

Que-6 What is use case diagram?creat diagram a use       case on bill payment on pytm.
-its means high level functions and process of system we have used to represent the dynamic behavior of system 